Doc reorg: The `cci` Command Line (#2051)
SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI: docs/cli.rst

    --debug-after   Drops into the Python debugger at task completion.
    --no-prompt     Disables all prompts.  Set for non-interactive mode use such
                    as calling from scripts or CI systems

    --help          Show this message and exit.    

This gives us a clear usage statement, description, and shows all options available for use with the command.

Working with Tasks and Flows
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Listing Tasks and Flows
****************************
``cci`` ships with many standard tasks and flows.
``cci`` has two commands for listing available tasks and flows:

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task list
    $ cci flow list

The tasks and flows listed are specific to the project where you run the command.
If you have a custom flow defined in your ``cumulusci.yml`` file for ProjectA, it will only show if you run ``cci flow list`` in ProjectA's repository directory.
Tasks and Flows are listed grouped by their ``group`` attribute as specified in the ``cumulusci.yml`` file.
This means it's easy to edit these groups as you see fit!
Any changes made will be reflected in these commands.

> 

Reviewer: We might want to include something like "If you're just getting started with CumulusCI, don't worry if you aren't sure which of the many tasks and flows to use. We'll show you specific tasks and flows in later sections of the documentation."

    2) flow: deploy_unmanaged
        0) task: dx_convert_from
        when: project_config.project__source_format == "sfdx" and not org_config.scratch
        1) task: unschedule_apex
        2) task: update_package_xml
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
        3) task: deploy
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
        3.1) task: dx_push
            when: project_config.project__source_format == "sfdx" and org_config.scratch
        4) task: uninstall_packaged_incremental
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
    3) flow: config_dev
        1) task: deploy_post
        2) task: update_admin_profile
    4) task: snapshot_changes

Troubleshooting Errors
----------------------

Errors happen! That’s why our team strives to provide our users with options for efficiently working with them when they occur.

The ``--debug`` Option
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
All CumulusCI commands can be passed the ``--debug`` option. When this is used, the following occurs:
    * Any calls to CumulusCI's logger at the debug level are shown.

>     * Any errors captured by ``requests.packages.urllib3.add_stderr_logger()`` are shown.

Reviewer: "Outgoing HTTP requests will be logged" is a better way of summarizing what this does.

>     * If an error is present, the corresponding stacktrace is shown. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If a Python-level exception occurs, the corresponding stacktrace is shown.
```

Reviewer: @Br4nd0R bumping this suggestion, which I think was hidden by github

    * The user is dropped into a `post-mortem debugging <https://docs.python.org/3/library/pdb.html#pdb.post_mortem>`_ session.

Log Files
^^^^^^^^^

> CumulusCI creates a log file every time a cci command besides ``gist`` is run. There are six rotating logfiles (``cci.log, cci.log1...5``) with ``cci.log`` being the most recent. Logfiles are stored under ``~/.cumulusci/logs``. By default, logfiles capture the the following:

Reviewer: Be consistent with "log file" vs "logfile". I'd go with "log file"

I'd also leave out "besides gist". It's true but more of a distracting detail.

    * The last command that was entered by the user
    * All output from the command (including debug information)
    * If an error is present, the corresponding stacktrace is included.

If you want debug information regarding the ``requests`` module to be captured in a logfile you must explicitly run the command with the ``--debug`` option.

Viewing Stacktraces
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> If you encounter an error and want more information on what went wrong, you can use ``cci error info`` to display the last *n* lines of the stacktrace (if present) from the last command you executed in CumulusCI.

Reviewer: We should probably clarify that we're talking about Python stacktraces, not Apex or something happening in the org.

> By default, CumulusCI displays the last 30 lines from the stacktrace. You can use the ``-m`` or ``--max-lines`` option specify how much of the stacktrace you would like to see. The following displays the last 10 lines from the stacktrace:

Reviewer: This is no longer accurate; I removed the default 30-line limit.

.. code-block:: console 

    cci error info --max-lines 10

Reporting Error Logs 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Use the ``cci error gist`` command to send the most recent logfile to a `GitHub gist <https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/creating-gists>`_ so you can quickly and easily share logs with others. 

For this feature to work you will need to ensure that your `github service is setup with the proper scopes <https://cumulusci.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorial.html#github-service>`_.

The following information is included in the gist:
    * The current version of ``cci``
    * The current Python version
    * The path to the Python executable
    * The ``sysname`` of the host (e.g. Darwin)
    * The machine name of the host (e.g. x86_64)
    * The most recent logfile (cci.log) that CumulusCI has created.

The URL for the gist is displayed on the terminal of the user as output, and a web browser will automatically open a tab to the gist.

Seeing Stack Traces Automatically
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
If you would like to investigate bugs in CumulusCI when you find
them, you can set the config option `show_stacktraces` to `True`

> in the `cli` section of `~/.cumulusci/cumulusci.yml` and stacktraces

Reviewer: These should be double backticks

The ``cci`` Command Line
========================

Basic Operation
---------------
To see the available commands, you can simply type ``cci``:

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci
    Usage: cci [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

    Options:
    --help  Show this message and exit.

    Commands:
    error    Get or share information about an error
    flow     Commands for finding and running flows for a project
    org      Commands for connecting and interacting with Salesforce orgs
    project  Commands for interacting with project repository configurations
    service  Commands for connecting services to the keychain
    shell    Drop into a Python shell
    task     Commands for finding and running tasks for a project
    version  Print the current version of CumulusCI

> To get information on a specific command listed above, we can type ``cci <command>``.

Reviewer 2: This paragraph and the following one switches from second person to first plural. I'd suggest sticking with the former.

For example, if we want more information on the ``task`` command just type ``cci task``:

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task
    Usage: cci task [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

    Commands for finding and running tasks for a project

    Options:
    --help  Show this message and exit.

    Commands:
    doc   Exports RST format documentation for all tasks
    info  Displays information for a task
    list  List available tasks for the current context
    run   Runs a task

We see that there are even more subcommands available under ``cci task``.

Getting ``--help``
------------------

> If you aren't sure what a specific command does you can always utilize the ``--help`` option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you aren't sure what a specific command does, you can utilize the ``--help`` option to get more information. 
```

> If we want help with running a task we could type ``cci task run --help``:

Reviewer 2: Second->first

    Usage: cci task run [OPTIONS] TASK_NAME

    Runs a task

    Options:
    --org TEXT      Specify the target org.  By default, runs against the
                    current default org

    -o TEXT...      Pass task specific options for the task as '-o option
                    value'.  You can specify more than one option by using -o
                    more than once.

    --debug         Drops into pdb, the Python debugger, on an exception
    --debug-before  Drops into the Python debugger right before task start.
    --debug-after   Drops into the Python debugger at task completion.
    --no-prompt     Disables all prompts.  Set for non-interactive mode use such
                    as calling from scripts or CI systems

    --help          Show this message and exit.    

This gives us a clear usage statement, description, and shows all options available for use with the command.

Working with Tasks and Flows
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Listing Tasks and Flows
****************************
``cci`` ships with many standard tasks and flows.
``cci`` has two commands for listing available tasks and flows:

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task list
    $ cci flow list

> The tasks and flows listed are *specific to the project* you're running the command int.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The tasks and flows listed are specific to the project where you run the command.
```

If you have a custom flow defined in your ``cumulusci.yml`` file for ProjectA, it will only show if you run ``cci flow list`` in ProjectA's repository directory.
Tasks and Flows are listed grouped by their ``group`` attribute as specified in the ``cumulusci.yml`` file.
This means it's easy to edit these groups as you see fit!
Any changes made will be reflected in these commands.

Running Tasks and Flows
*******************************

> Once you know the specifc task or flow you want to run, they can be executed with the ``run`` command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you know the specific task or flow you want to run, you can execute it with the ``run`` command:
```

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task run task_name
    $ cci flow run flow_name

> Where ``task_name`` and ``flow_name`` are the actual name of the task or flow that you would like to run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
where ``task_name`` and ``flow_name`` represent the actual name of the task or flow that you would like to run.
```

Tasks usually require additional options to be passed when using the ``cci task run`` command.

> See the next section for how to view task specific option information. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the next section for how to view task-specific option information. 
```

Reviewer: It's also usually necessary to specify an org when running a task or flow. We should probably mention this in some way although we need to figure out the proper sequencing between this and the sections on orgs.

Getting More Information
*******************************
For additional information on tasks use::

    $ cci task info <task_name>

> Where ``<task_name>`` is the name of a specific task.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
where ``<task_name>`` is the name of a specific task.
```

Information about specific tasks includes:

* A description of what the task does
* The specific Python class associated with this task
* The syntax for running the command
* Any options for the task

Information on specific options includes:

* The syntax for the option (``-o option_name value``).

> * If the options is required or optional.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If the option is required or optional.
```

> * A description of each option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A description of what the option does.
```

Example output looks like this:

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task info util_sleep
    util_sleep

    Description: Sleeps for N seconds

    Class: cumulusci.tasks.util.Sleep

    Command Syntax

        $ cci task run util_sleep

    Options

        -o seconds SECONDS
        Required
        The number of seconds to sleep
        Default: 5

For additional information on flows use::

    $ cci flow info <flow_name>

> Where ``<flow_name>`` is the actual name of the flow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
where ``<flow_name>`` is the actual name of the flow.
```

* The ordered steps (and substeps) of a flow.

Example output looks like this:

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci flow info dev_org
    Description: Set up an org as a development environment for unmanaged metadata
    1) flow: dependencies [from current folder]
        1) task: update_dependencies
        2) task: deploy_pre
    2) flow: deploy_unmanaged
        0) task: dx_convert_from
        when: project_config.project__source_format == "sfdx" and not org_config.scratch
        1) task: unschedule_apex
        2) task: update_package_xml
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
        3) task: deploy
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
        3.1) task: dx_push
            when: project_config.project__source_format == "sfdx" and org_config.scratch
        4) task: uninstall_packaged_incremental
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
    3) flow: config_dev
        1) task: deploy_post
        2) task: update_admin_profile
    4) task: snapshot_changes

Troubleshooting Errors
----------------------

> Errors happen! That’s why our team strives to provide our users with options for efficiently working with them when they occur.

Reviewer 2: Should we include some information about where to come for help (Trailblazer Community, Power of Us Hub) with errors and stack traces?

Author: @davidmreed - Yes, I think this is something that definitely belongs here and is missing currently. I'm not sure if we want to also include the topic of opening a GitHub issue in this part as well. Another potential home for that could be under the "Contribute" section.

Reviewer: I don't think "Contribute" is an obvious place to look if you're seeking help. Here is probably better.

The ``--debug`` Option
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
All CumulusCI commands can be passed the ``--debug`` option. When this is used, the following occurs:
    * Any calls to CumulusCI's logger at the debug level are shown.
    * Any errors captured by ``requests.packages.urllib3.add_stderr_logger()`` are shown.
    * If an error is present, the corresponding stacktrace is shown. 

>     * The user is dropped into a `post-mortem debugging <https://docs.python.org/3/library/pdb.html#pdb.post_mortem>`_ session.

Reviewer 2: While we link here, it might be nice to tell the user _how to leave_ the PDB session if they don't know and do this by accident.

Reviewer: I would also combine this with the previous bullet. We only enter post-mortem debugging if there's an exception.

Log Files
^^^^^^^^^
CumulusCI creates a log file every time a cci command besides ``gist`` is run. There are six rotating logfiles (``cci.log, cci.log1...5``) with ``cci.log`` being the most recent. Logfiles are stored under ``~/.cumulusci/logs``. By default, logfiles capture the the following:
    * The last command that was entered by the user
    * All output from the command (including debug information)
    * If an error is present, the corresponding stacktrace is included.

If you want debug information regarding the ``requests`` module to be captured in a logfile you must explicitly run the command with the ``--debug`` option.

Viewing Stacktraces
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
If you encounter an error and want more information on what went wrong, you can use ``cci error info`` to display the last *n* lines of the stacktrace (if present) from the last command you executed in CumulusCI.

By default, CumulusCI displays the last 30 lines from the stacktrace. You can use the ``-m`` or ``--max-lines`` option specify how much of the stacktrace you would like to see. The following displays the last 10 lines from the stacktrace:

.. code-block:: console 

    cci error info --max-lines 10

> Reporting Error Logs 

Reviewer 2: What are your thoughts about moving this section upwards, and starting with more "regular-user-facing" material before descending to more developer- or CCI-developer-oriented options?

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Use the ``cci error gist`` command to send the most recent logfile to a `GitHub gist <https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/creating-gists>`_ so you can quickly and easily share logs with others. 

For this feature to work you will need to ensure that your `github service is setup with the proper scopes <https://cumulusci.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorial.html#github-service>`_.

The following information is included in the gist:
    * The current version of ``cci``

>     * The current python version

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * The current Python version
```

>     * The path to the python executable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * The path to the Python executable
```

The ``cci`` Command Line
========================

Basic Operation
---------------
Once CumulusCI is installed, the primary way you will interact with it is using the ``cci`` command in your terminal or command prompt.
On a macOS this would be Terminal.app, on a Windows machine this would be cmd.exe.

> If you are new to working with command line interfaces, CumulusCI has a `trailhead module <https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/cumulusci-setup/review-base-requirements-install-visual-studio-code?trail_id=build-applications-with-cumulusci>`_ the covers installing and opening a terminal window in Visual Studio Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are new to working with command line interfaces, CumulusCI has a `trailhead module <https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/cumulusci-setup/review-base-requirements-install-visual-studio-code?trail_id=build-applications-with-cumulusci>`_ that covers installing and opening a terminal window in Visual Studio Code.
```

To see the available commands, you can simply type ``cci``:

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci
    Usage: cci [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

    Options:
    --help  Show this message and exit.

    Commands:
    error    Get or share information about an error
    flow     Commands for finding and running flows for a project
    org      Commands for connecting and interacting with Salesforce orgs
    project  Commands for interacting with project repository configurations
    service  Commands for connecting services to the keychain
    shell    Drop into a Python shell
    task     Commands for finding and running tasks for a project
    version  Print the current version of CumulusCI

To get information on a specific command listed above, you can type ``cci <command>``.

> For example, if you woule like more information on the ``task`` command just type ``cci task``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you would like more information on the ``task`` command, just type ``cci task``:
```

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task
    Usage: cci task [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

    Commands for finding and running tasks for a project

    Options:
    --help  Show this message and exit.

    Commands:
    doc   Exports RST format documentation for all tasks
    info  Displays information for a task
    list  List available tasks for the current context
    run   Runs a task

We see that there are even more subcommands available under ``cci task``.

Getting ``--help``
------------------
If you want help running a task you can type ``cci task run --help``

> If you aren't sure what a specific command does, you can utilize the ``--help`` option to get more information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you aren't sure what a specific command does, you can use the ``--help`` option to get more information. 
```

        3) task: deploy
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
        3.1) task: dx_push
            when: project_config.project__source_format == "sfdx" and org_config.scratch
        4) task: uninstall_packaged_incremental
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
    3) flow: config_dev
        1) task: deploy_post
        2) task: update_admin_profile
    4) task: snapshot_changes

Troubleshooting Errors
----------------------
Errors happen!
That’s why our team strives to provide our users with options for efficiently working with them when they occur.
If you need additional troubleshooting errors or stacktraces, you can reach out to our team on the `CumulusCI Trailblazer Community Group <https://trailblazers.salesforce.com/_ui/core/chatter/groups/GroupProfilePage?g=0F9300000009M9Z>`_.

Reporting Error Logs 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Use the ``cci error gist`` command to send the most recent log file to a `GitHub gist <https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/creating-gists>`_ so you can quickly and easily share logs with others. 

> For this feature to work you will need to ensure that your `github service is setup with the proper scopes <https://cumulusci.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorial.html#github-service>`_.

Reviewer: We should change this to an internal link to the correct section of the getting started docs, because this tutorial.html URL will go away once the doc-reorg is merged

The ``cci`` Command Line
========================

Basic Operation
---------------

>     .. note:: If you are new to working with command line interfaces, the `Install Visual Studio Code <https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/cumulusci-setup/review-base-requirements-install-visual-studio-code?trail_id=build-applications-with-cumulusci>`_ module covers installing and opening a terminal window in Visual Studio Code.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    .. note:: If you're new to working with command line interfaces, the `Install Visual Studio Code <https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/cumulusci-setup/review-base-requirements-install-visual-studio-code?trail_id=build-applications-with-cumulusci>`_ module covers installing and opening a terminal window in Visual Studio Code.
```

After installing CumulusCI, use the ``cci`` command in your terminal or command prompt to interact with it.

On a macOS, access the terminal via Terminal.app. On Windows, open cmd.exe.

To see all available commands, type ``cci`` in your terminal:

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci
    Usage: cci [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

    Options:
    --help  Show this message and exit.

    Commands:
    error    Get or share information about an error
    flow     Commands for finding and running flows for a project
    org      Commands for connecting and interacting with Salesforce orgs
    project  Commands for interacting with project repository configurations
    service  Commands for connecting services to the keychain
    shell    Drop into a Python shell
    task     Commands for finding and running tasks for a project
    version  Print the current version of CumulusCI

> To get information on a specific command listed above, type ``cci <command>``. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To get information on a specific command, type ``cci <command>``. 
```

>     For example, if you would like more information on the ``task`` command, type ``cci task``:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    For example, for more information on the ``task`` command, type ``cci task``:
```

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task
    Usage: cci task [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

    Commands for finding and running tasks for a project

    Options:
    --help  Show this message and exit.

    Commands:
    doc   Exports RST format documentation for all tasks
    info  Displays information for a task
    list  List available tasks for the current context

>     run   Runs a task

Reviewer 4: I believe wording/format in terminal has changed drastically. (Or at least it looks that way to me in Windows.) Please confirm.

Reviewer: @justinvholt can you show us what you're seeing in a screenshot? It still looks similar to this for me.

> There are even more subcommands available under ``cci task``.

Reviewer 3: Consider moving to the next section ("Get --help") and framing as "The ``cci task`` command has many useful subcommands, such as ``cci task run --help``."

> There are even more subcommands available under ``cci task``.

Author: @justinvholt - For clarity,  the term subcommand is in reference to commands that fall under another command. For example, running `cci task --help` or `cci task` both produce the same output, and show a list of available commands that fall under `cci task`. These commands (`doc`, `info`, `list`, `run`) are considered the sub-commands of the `cci task` command (which does nothing on its own. 

Maybe we should just use the word "command" instead of subcommand.

Options are provided to specific commands in the format of either a name/value pairs (i.e. --option-name value) or, in the case of a "flag" by just specifying the name of the flag (e.g. `--debug`).

> Getting ``--help``

Reviewer 3: @justinvholt For headings, we try to use the imperative verb form, "Get Help", "Get Started," etc.  It's more active. Not that we never ever use the "-ing" gerund form but it's more the exception than the rule.

------------------

> If you want help running a task, type ``cci task run --help``. If you're not certain about what a specific command does, use the ``--help`` option to get more information. 

Reviewer 3: If you go with the suggestion to move the "There are even more" sentence down to this section, I suggest omitting this first sentence here.

.. code-block:: console

>     $ cci task run --help

Reviewer 4: I believe wording/format in terminal has changed drastically. (Or at least it looks that way to me in Windows.) Please confirm.

Reviewer 4: @davisagli Sorry, I commented on the wrong command. This is the one that looks different to me.

Reviewer: @justinvholt Given the paragraph above, I think this is intended to show an example of getting help for running a specific task, not for the `cci task run` command as a whole. Which means we need <task_name> in the command. For example run `cci task run deploy --help` to see the options for the `deploy` task.

Or did I misunderstand the intent, @Br4nd0R? We probably should also consider making `cci task run <task_name> --help` print the same thing as `cci task info <task_name>` which also includes the task-specific docs and example usage, not just a list of options.

Author: The output for this command (`cci task run --help`) has changed since we did the work for supporting more normalized task option syntax. The output now lists all tasks available to users (same output as `cci task list`) with a brief usage statement of how to run a task at the bottom of the output.

@justinvholt - We should probably change this subheader to something like "Help Running Tasks" and suggest that users run `cci task info <task_name>`. It's slightly annoying that the output for `cci task info <task_name>` and `cci task run <task_name> --help` are formatted differently, but contain (almost) identical information.

We have control over the output in `cci task info <task_name>` which is why we should recommend it over the other way.

Reviewer: @Br4nd0R I think we can probably also figure out how to override the output from `cci task run <task_name> --help` if we want to make it consistent.

Author: I re-worked this section. Hopefully for the better. I created work items for anything that needs to be corrected on the tooling side.

    Usage: cci task run [OPTIONS] TASK_NAME

    Runs a task

    Options:
    --org TEXT      Specify the target org.  By default, runs against the
                    current default org

    -o TEXT...      Pass task specific options for the task as '-o option
                    value'.  You can specify more than one option by using -o
                    more than once.

    --debug         Drops into pdb, the Python debugger, on an exception
    --debug-before  Drops into the Python debugger right before task start.
    --debug-after   Drops into the Python debugger at task completion.
    --no-prompt     Disables all prompts.  Set for non-interactive mode use such
                    as calling from scripts or CI systems

    --help          Show this message and exit.    

> This gives us a clear usage statement, description, and a list of all options available for use with the command.

Reviewer 3: This what? "This command? "This usage"?

Author: ```suggestion
This output gives you a clear usage statement, description, and a list of available options for use with the command.
```

> This gives us a clear usage statement, description, and a list of all options available for use with the command.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This gives us a clear usage statement, description, and a list of all options available with the command.
```

Reviewer: How about avoid the pronoun entirely and say "The ``--help`` option gives us..."

Working with Tasks and Flows
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> If you're just getting started with CumulusCI, don't worry if you aren't sure which of the many tasks and flows to use. We'll show you specific tasks and flows in later sections of the documentation. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you're just getting started with CumulusCI, don't worry if you aren't sure which of the many tasks and flows to use. We show you specific tasks and flows in later sections of the documentation. 
```

Listing Tasks and Flows
***********************

> ``cci`` ships with many standard tasks and flows. There are two commmands for listing them:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
``cci`` ships with many standard tasks and flows. Use these commands to list them:
```

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task list
    $ cci flow list

> The tasks and flows listed are specific to the project you're currently in. If you have a custom flow defined in your ``cumulusci.yml`` file for Project A, it only shows if you run ``cci flow list`` in Project A's repository directory.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The tasks and flows listed are specific to the project you're currently in. If you have a custom flow defined in your ``cumulusci.yml`` file for Project A, it shows only if you run ``cci flow list`` in Project A's repository directory.
```

> Tasks and flows are listed by their ``group`` attribute as specified in the ``cumulusci.yml`` file. This means it's easy to edit these groups as you see fit! Any changes made are reflected in the commands.

Reviewer 2: Since we're not going to explain editing the ``group`` attribute here (and I don't think we cover it in the Customization section either), I'd suggest we remove it. I don't think I've seen anyone editing the groups for OOTB tasks and flows.

Running Tasks and Flows
***********************

> When you know the specific task or flow you want to run, execute it with the ``run`` command.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Execute a specific task or flow with the ``run`` command.
```

.. code-block:: console

> 

Reviewer 4: This is the style we used to write these examples in Key Concepts. Changed it here for uniformity. Wanted to point it out to make sure we're 100% on board with this style (when applicable) down the line.

    $ cci task run <name> --org <org> [options]
    $ cci flow run <name> --org <org> 

> This runs the respective task or flow ``<name>`` against the org ``<org>``. (You can see a list of available orgs by running ``cci org list``.)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This command runs the respective task or flow ``<name>`` against the org ``<org>``. (You can see a list of available orgs by running ``cci org list``.)
```
For translation reasons, specify what "this" refers to.

    Example: The ``run_tests`` task executes Apex unit tests. If you have an org called ``dev``, you can run this task against it with the command ``cci task run run_tests --org dev``.

> Tasks usually require additional options to be passed when using the ``cci task run`` command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tasks usually require additional options to be passed when using the ``cci task run`` command. Learn about how to find information about task options in :ref:`Task Info & Options`.
```

Author: I wouldn't worry about making these type of changes currently. This sounds like something that could be shored up after the initial docs release.

> Task Info & Options

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Task Info and Options
```

*******************

> For additional information on task ``<name>``:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For additional information on task ``<name>``, run:
```

    $ cci task info <name>

Information about specific tasks includes:

> * A description of what the task does.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* A description of the task.
```

> * The particular Python class associated with this task.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The Python class associated with this task.
```

* The syntax for running the command.

> * Any options for the task.

Reviewer 2: Suggest combining these two bullets.

```suggestion
* Any options accepted or required by the task.
```

Information about specific task options includes:

> * The syntax for the option (``-o <name> value``).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The syntax for the option (``-o <name> value`` or ``--<name> value``).
```

> * If the option is required or optional.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Whether the option is required or optional.
```

> * A description of what the option does.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* A description of the option.
```

An example of a task's information and options:

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task info util_sleep
    util_sleep

    Description: Sleeps for N seconds

    Class: cumulusci.tasks.util.Sleep

    Command Syntax

        $ cci task run util_sleep

    Options

        --seconds SECONDS
        Required
        The number of seconds to sleep
        Default: 5

> For additional information on flow ``<name>``:

Reviewer 2: Should we have a subheader here?

* A description of the flow.
* The ordered steps (and substeps) of a flow.

An example of a flow's information and options:

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci flow info dev_org
    Description: Set up an org as a development environment for unmanaged metadata
    1) flow: dependencies [from current folder]
        1) task: update_dependencies
        2) task: deploy_pre
    2) flow: deploy_unmanaged
        0) task: dx_convert_from
        when: project_config.project__source_format == "sfdx" and not org_config.scratch
        1) task: unschedule_apex
        2) task: update_package_xml
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
        3) task: deploy
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
        3.1) task: dx_push
        when: project_config.project__source_format == "sfdx" and org_config.scratch
        4) task: uninstall_packaged_incremental
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
    3) flow: config_dev
        1) task: deploy_post
        2) task: update_admin_profile
    4) task: snapshot_changes

> 

Reviewer 2: It might be helpful to add explanation here.

```suggestion
The flow information for ``dev_org`` shows that it's composed of three subflows, ``dependencies``, ``deploy_unmanaged``, and ``config_dev``, and one task, ``snapshot_changes``. The tasks and flows making up the three subflows are also listed.
```

Reviewer 3: That's helpful indeed. I'd even move it up above the code sample and combine it with the lead-in to the sample. "In this example of a flow's information and options, the flow information for ``dev_org``...

Troubleshooting Errors
----------------------

> Errors happen! That's why our team strives to provide our users with options for efficiently solving them when they occur.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Errors happen! That's why our team strives to give you options for efficiently solving them.
```

> Errors happen! That's why our team strives to provide our users with options for efficiently solving them when they occur.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Errors happen! That's why ``cci`` provides tools to extract error details so they can be reported and triaged.
```

Reporting Error Logs 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The ``cci error gist`` command sends the most recent log file to a `GitHub gist <https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/creating-gists>`_ so you can quickly and easily share logs with others. For this feature to work you need to ensure that your `github service is set up with the proper scopes <https://cumulusci.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorial.html#github-service>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``cci error gist`` command sends the most recent log file to a `GitHub gist <https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/creating-gists>`_ so you can quickly and easily share logs with others. For this feature to work you need to ensure that your `GitHub service is set up with the proper scopes <https://cumulusci.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorial.html#github-service>`_.
```

> Information included in the gist:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following information is included in the gist:
```

Reviewer 3: More simply, "The gist includes:"

* The current version of ``cci``
* The current Python version
* The path to the Python executable
* The ``sysname`` of the host (such as Darwin)
* The machine name of the host (such as x86_64)
* The most recent log file (cci.log) that CumulusCI has created.

> The URL for the gist is displayed on the user terminal as output, and a web browser automatically opens a tab to the gist.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The URL for the gist is displayed in the terminal as output, and a web browser automatically opens a tab to the gist.
```

The ``--debug`` Option
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> All CumulusCI commands can be passed the ``--debug`` option. When the option is used:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
All CumulusCI commands can be passed the ``--debug`` option, so that:
```

* Any calls to CumulusCI's logger at the debug level are shown.
* Outgoing HTTP requests are logged.
* If an error is present, the corresponding stacktrace is shown, and the user is dropped into a `post-mortem debugging <https://docs.python.org/3/library/pdb.html#pdb.post_mortem>`_ session.

> .. note:: To exit a debugging session type the command ``quit`` or ``exit``.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. note:: To exit a debugging session, type the command ``quit`` or ``exit``.
```

Log Files
^^^^^^^^^

> CumulusCI creates a log file every time a cci command runs. There are six rotating log files (``cci.log, cci.log1...5``) with ``cci.log`` being the most recent. Log files are stored under ``~/.cumulusci/logs``.

Reviewer 2: Should we call out, or link to an explanation, of where this folder is on Windows?

Author: ```suggestion
CumulusCI creates a log file every time a cci command runs. There are six rotating log files (``cci.log, cci.log1...5``) with ``cci.log`` being the most recent. Log files are stored under ``~/.cumulusci/logs`` for Mac and Linux users, and ``C:\Users\yourusername\.cumulusci\logs`` for Windows users.
```

> CumulusCI creates a log file every time a cci command runs. There are six rotating log files (``cci.log, cci.log1...5``) with ``cci.log`` being the most recent. Log files are stored under ``~/.cumulusci/logs``.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
CumulusCI creates a log file every time a cci command runs. There are six rotating log files (``cci.log, cci.log1...5``), with ``cci.log`` being the most recent. Log files are stored under ``~/.cumulusci/logs``.
```

By default, log files document:

* The last command that was entered by the user.
* All output from the command (including debug information).

> * If a Python-level exception occurs, the corresponding stacktrace is included.

Reviewer 3: This bullet item isn't parallel with the others. I think you can just omit "is included" to make it logically complete the "By default" stem phrase.

> .. note:: If you want debug information regarding the ``requests`` module to be documented in a log file, you must explicitly run the command with the ``--debug`` option.

Reviewer 4: Should we consider adding an example of how to use ``--debug`` in a command; same with ``requests``.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure I understand this line - are we just saying that HTTP calls are only sent to the log file if you use `--debug``? If so, can we say it more directly?

Author: ```suggestion
.. note:: If you want debug information regarding HTTP calls made during execution you must explicitly run the command with the ``--debug`` option.
```

Viewing Stacktraces
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> If you encounter an error and want more information on what caused it, the ``cci error info`` command displays the last ``n`` lines of the stacktrace (if present) from the last command executed in CumulusCI. (Note that this a Python stacktrace showing where CumulusCI encountered an error.)

Reviewer 2: Where is `n` specified?

Author: ```suggestion
If you encounter an error and want more information on what caused it, the ``cci error info`` command displays the  stacktrace (if present) from the last command executed in CumulusCI. 

.. note::
    
    The stacktrace displayed is a *Python* stacktrace. This is helpful for locating where CumulusCI encountered an error in the source code.
```

> If you encounter an error and want more information on what caused it, the ``cci error info`` command displays the last ``n`` lines of the stacktrace (if present) from the last command executed in CumulusCI. (Note that this a Python stacktrace showing where CumulusCI encountered an error.)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you encounter an error and want more information on the cause, the ``cci error info`` command displays the last ``n`` lines of the stacktrace (if present) from the last command executed in CumulusCI. (Note that this a Python stacktrace showing where CumulusCI encountered an error.)
```

> Additionally, there is a ``--max-lines`` option to limit the number of lines of stacktrace shown.

Reviewer 4: Add one more sentence to explain why this is helpful/efficient?

Reviewer: Personally I don't see why someone would want to use this option. @Br4nd0R do you remember why we added it?

Author: It was originally added so that you could just look at the end of a stacktrace instead of the whole thing. I think we should just remove mention of it, I can create work item to remove the option. Seems a little frivolous now.

Seeing Stacktraces Automatically
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> If you would like to investigate bugs in CumulusCI when you find them, set the config option ``show_stacktraces`` to ``True`` in the ``cli`` section of ``~/.cumulusci/cumulusci.yml``. Afterward, stacktraces are no longer suppressed when they are thrown within CumulusCI.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you'd like to investigate bugs in CumulusCI, set the config option ``show_stacktraces`` to ``True`` in the ``cli`` section of ``~/.cumulusci/cumulusci.yml``. It turns off suppression of stack traces.
```
We don't use "stack trace" in documentation much but one instance in the Apex developer guide shows it as two words.

Reviewer 4: That's a bit confusing then to see the command ``show_stacktraces`` and then "stack traces" as two words later. I'll do more research. @davisagli, @Br4nd0R, @davidmreed: Have you seen any official declaration of this elsewhere?

> Usage Errors (wrong command line arguments, missing files, and so on) don't show exception tracebacks because they are seldom helpful in that case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Usage errors (such as incorrect command line arguments, missing files, and so on) don't show exception tracebacks because they are seldom helpful in that case.
```

> If you need further assistance troubleshooting errors or stacktraces, reach out to our team on the `CumulusCI Trailblazer Community Group <https://trailblazers.salesforce.com/_ui/core/chatter/groups/GroupProfilePage?g=0F9300000009M9Z>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need further assistance troubleshooting errors or stacktraces, reach out to the CumulusCI team on the `CumulusCI Trailblazer Community Group <https://trailblazers.salesforce.com/_ui/core/chatter/groups/GroupProfilePage?g=0F9300000009M9Z>`_.
```

Reviewer 3: Slightly more conversational? "For help with troubleshooting errors or stack traces,"

    org      Commands for connecting and interacting with Salesforce orgs
    project  Commands for interacting with project repository configurations
    service  Commands for connecting services to the keychain
    shell    Drop into a Python shell
    task     Commands for finding and running tasks for a project
    version  Print the current version of CumulusCI

To retrieve information on a specific command, type ``cci <command>``.

    Example: ``cci task``

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task
    Usage: cci task [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

    Commands for finding and running tasks for a project

    Options:
    --help  Show this message and exit.

    Commands:
    doc   Exports RST format documentation for all tasks
    info  Displays information for a task
    list  List available tasks for the current context
    run   Runs a task

The ``cci task`` command also has many useful subcommands, such as ``cci task info <name>``.

Get Help Running Tasks
----------------------

If you're not certain about what a specific command does, use the ``--help`` flag to get more information. 

    Example: ``cci task run --help``

> For top-level commands (that don't do anything on their own but have additional subcommands underneath them), this output will be the same with or without the ``--help`` flag.

Reviewer: @justinvholt for consistency I guess. For commands that actually do something rather than just serving as a group for subcommands, `--help` is the only way to see the help. So it also works for the group commands, even though they also show the help without the flag, because it would be dumb if the user was in the habit of typing `--help` but that showed an error.

> For top-level commands (that don't do anything on their own but have additional subcommands underneath them), this output will be the same with or without the ``--help`` flag.

Reviewer 4: @davisagli Think it would be okay if we just push the importance of using ``--help`` and not even mention that the options also get listed when not using the flag?

We also might need to discuss "commands that actually do something rather than just serving as a group for subcommands". It couldn't hurt to hurt to have more clarity as to what makes a command top-level vs a placeholder for subcommands.

> For top-level commands (that don't do anything on their own but have additional subcommands underneath them), this output will be the same with or without the ``--help`` flag.

Reviewer: Sure, I think it would be fine to teach that `--help` is the way to get help and not mention the fact that command groups also show the help without that flag.

> It couldn't hurt to hurt to have more clarity as to what makes a command top-level vs a placeholder for subcommands.

I think you're making it more complicated than it is? Some commands are groups that contain other commands, and some aren't. If you ask for `--help`, it will show more information about the command. If it happens to be a group, that includes a list of the subcommands.

.. code-block::

    $ cci task info <name> --help
     Usage: cci task run [OPTIONS] TASK_NAME

> When the ``--help`` flag is specified for a fully realized command (one that is executable) (TODO: what is correct word here?), the output will display:

Reviewer 4: Just noting the TODO when we get more eyes on this.

Reviewer: The following list seems to be accurate for commands that are groups too; do we need to make the distinction?

Author: Agree. We can just say: 
```suggestion
When the ``--help`` flag is specified for a command the output will display:
```

* A usage statement featuring the syntax that executes the command.
* A description of the command.
* The list of available options for use with the command.

.. code-block:: console

>     $ cci task --help

Reviewer 4: I'm still not comprehending what sets ``cci task run --help`` and ``cci task --help`` apart. Also, what separates ``--help`` from ``task/flow info`` from ``task/flow run``?

Reviewer: `cci task run --help` shows help for the "task run" subcommand.
`cci task --help` shows help for the "task" command group.
`cci task info asdf` and `cci task run asdf --help` both show help for a specific task named asdf, but the output from `cci task run asdf --help` is incomplete and we should probably not mention it in the docs until we fix it to show the same thing as `cci task info asdf`.

    run   Runs a task

If you're just getting started with CumulusCI, don't worry if you aren't sure which of the many tasks and flows to use. We show you specific tasks and flows in later sections of the documentation. 

List Tasks and Flows
********************

Execute a specific task or flow with the ``run`` command.

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task run <name> --org <org> [options]
    $ cci flow run <name> --org <org> 

This command runs the respective task or flow ``<name>`` against the org ``<org>``. (You can see a list of available orgs by running ``cci org list``.)

The tasks and flows listed are specific to the project directory that you're currently in. For example, if you have a custom flow defined in your ``cumulusci.yml`` file for Project A, it will only show if you run ``cci flow list`` in Project A's root directory.

Tasks usually require additional options to be passed when using the ``cci task run`` command. Learn about how to find information about task options in `Task Info and Options`_.

Task Info and Options
*********************

For additional information on task ``<name>``, run either command:

.. code-block:: console

>     $ cci task info <name>

Reviewer 4: Why do we have two separate commands? What separates these commands from each other? What separates them from ``--help`` flag?

Reviewer: See my comment above. The difference between them is unintentional, and we should not mention the second one for now because it's incomplete.

        2) task: deploy_pre
    2) flow: deploy_unmanaged
        0) task: dx_convert_from
        when: project_config.project__source_format == "sfdx" and not org_config.scratch
        1) task: unschedule_apex
        2) task: update_package_xml
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
        3) task: deploy
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
        3.1) task: dx_push
        when: project_config.project__source_format == "sfdx" and org_config.scratch
        4) task: uninstall_packaged_incremental
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
    3) flow: config_dev
        1) task: deploy_post
        2) task: update_admin_profile
    4) task: snapshot_changes

Run Tasks and Flows
*******************

Execute a specific task or flow with the ``run`` command.

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task run <name> --org <org> [options]
    $ cci flow run <name> --org <org> [options]

This command runs the respective task or flow ``<name>`` against the org ``<org>``. (You can see a list of available orgs by running ``cci org list``.)

>     Example: The ``run_tests`` task executes Apex unit tests. Assuming there exists an org named ``dev``, you can run this task against it with the command ``cci task run run_tests --org dev``.

Reviewer 4: I think we should move this up. Put it just after "List Tasks and Flows" subsection. (Line #114)

Reviewer: I don't have a strong opinion on this, but in actual use I almost always look at the task info before running a task, to remind myself what options I need specify, if any.

Reviewer 4: That's actually good to know! So the placement is probably fine where it is.

Troubleshoot Errors
-------------------

Errors happen! That's why ``cci`` provides tools to extract error details so that they can be reported and triaged.

Report Error Logs
*****************

The ``cci error gist`` command sends the most recent log file to a `GitHub gist <https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/creating-gists>`_ so you can quickly and easily share logs with others. For this feature to work you need to make sure that your `GitHub  service is set up with the proper scopes <https://cumu:lusci.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorial.html#github-service>`_.

The gist includes the:

* Current version of ``cci``
* Current Python version
* Path to the Python executable
* ``sysname`` of the host (such as Darwin)
* Machine name of the host (such as x86_64)
* Most recent log file (cci.log) that CumulusCI has created.

The URL for the gist is displayed in the terminal as output, and a web browser automatically opens a tab to the gist.

> The ``--debug`` Flag

Reviewer 4: To confirm, everyone is cool with calling it the ``--help`` and ``--debug`` flag?

Reviewer: @justinvholt huh? The info under this heading is only talking about `--debug`, not `--help`.

Reviewer 4: @davisagli Earlier in the section, we discuss ``--help``. Previously ``--help`` and ``--debug`` were referred to as options. @Br4nd0R changed option to flag on his recent update. Just want to confirm that we're good with this change across the board.

Reviewer: Oh, I see. A "flag" is a synonym for a specific kind of option that is boolean (either there or not) rather than taking a 2nd parameter (like `--org some_org_name`). I think either would be accurate; leaving it up to you which is clearer.

Author: Let's keep "flag" for now. I think this could be something we could revisit after the initial release if we want. I've noted it on the quip doc.

The ``cci`` Command Line
========================

Basic Operation
---------------

.. tip:: 

>     If you're new to working with command line interfaces, the `Install Visual Studio Code <https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/cumulusci-setup/review-base-requirements-install-visual-studio-code?trail_id=build-applications-with-cumulusci>`_ trailhead module covers installing and opening a terminal window in Visual Studio Code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If you're new to working with command line interfaces, the `Install Visual Studio Code <https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/cumulusci-setup/review-base-requirements-install-visual-studio-code?trail_id=build-applications-with-cumulusci>`_ Trailhead module covers installing and opening a terminal window in Visual Studio Code.
```

After installing CumulusCI, use the ``cci`` command in your terminal or command prompt to interact with it.

> On macOS, access the terminal via ``Terminal.app``. On Windows, open ``cmd.exe``. On Linux, use your preferred terminal application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On any platform, you can use the integrated terminal in Visual Studio Code. Alternately, on macOS, access the terminal via ``Terminal.app``; on Windows, open ``cmd.exe``; or on Linux, use your preferred terminal application.
```

    run   Runs a task

The ``cci task`` command also has many useful subcommands, such as ``cci task info <name>``.

Get Help Running Tasks
----------------------

If you're not certain about what a specific command does, use the ``--help`` flag to get more information. 

    Example: ``cci task run --help``

For top-level commands (that don't do anything on their own but have additional subcommands underneath them), this output will be the same with or without the ``--help`` flag.

.. code-block::

    $ cci task info <name> --help
     Usage: cci task run [OPTIONS] TASK_NAME

When the ``--help`` flag is specified for a command, the output will include:

* A usage statement featuring the syntax that executes the command.
* A description of the command.
* The list of available options for use with the command.

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task --help
    Usage: cci task [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

    Options:
    --help  Show this message and exit.

    Commands:
    doc   Exports RST format documentation for all tasks
    info  Displays information for a task
    list  List available tasks for the current context
    run   Runs a task

> If you're just getting started with CumulusCI, don't worry if you aren't sure which of the many tasks and flows to use. We show you specific tasks and flows in later sections of the documentation. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're just getting started with CumulusCI and aren't sure which of the many tasks and flows to use, don't worry. We show you specific tasks and flows in later sections of the documentation. 
```

> List Tasks and Flows

Reviewer 2: This heading does not match the section content.

Author: Looking at the commit history it looks like some headings were altered and this content was removed. I've added it back in my most recent commit as well as fixed the headings. fyi @justinvholt

********************

Execute a specific task or flow with the ``run`` command.

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task run <name> --org <org> [options]
    $ cci flow run <name> --org <org> 

> This command runs the respective task or flow with the given ``<name>`` against the org ``<org>``. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This command runs the task or flow with the given ``<name>`` against the org ``<org>``. 
```

> .. You can see a list of available orgs by running ``cci org list``.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. You can see a list of available orgs by running ``cci org list``.
```

> The tasks and flows listed are specific to the project directory that you're currently in. For example, if you have a custom flow defined in your ``cumulusci.yml`` file for Project A, it will only show if you run ``cci flow list`` in Project A's root directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The tasks and flows listed are specific to the project directory in which you're currently working. For example, if you have a custom flow defined in your ``cumulusci.yml`` file for Project A, it will only show if you run ``cci flow list`` in Project A's root directory.
```

Tasks usually require additional options to be passed when using the ``cci task run`` command. Learn about how to find information about task options in `Task Info and Options`_.

Task Info and Options
*********************

For additional information on task ``<name>``, run either command:

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task info <name>
    $ cci task run <name> --help

Information about specific tasks includes:

* A description of the task.
* The Python class associated with this task.

> * The syntax for running the command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The syntax for running the task.
```

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci flow info dev_org
    Description: Set up an org as a development environment for unmanaged metadata
    1) flow: dependencies [from current folder]
        1) task: update_dependencies
        2) task: deploy_pre
    2) flow: deploy_unmanaged
        0) task: dx_convert_from
        when: project_config.project__source_format == "sfdx" and not org_config.scratch
        1) task: unschedule_apex
        2) task: update_package_xml
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
        3) task: deploy
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
        3.1) task: dx_push
        when: project_config.project__source_format == "sfdx" and org_config.scratch
        4) task: uninstall_packaged_incremental
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
    3) flow: config_dev
        1) task: deploy_post
        2) task: update_admin_profile
    4) task: snapshot_changes

> Run Tasks and Flows

Reviewer 2: This section is duplicated from above. I suspect this is where it belongs.

*******************

Execute a specific task or flow with the ``run`` command.

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task run <name> --org <org> [options]
    $ cci flow run <name> --org <org> [options]

> This command runs the respective task or flow ``<name>`` against the org ``<org>``. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This command runs the task or flow ``<name>`` against the org ``<org>``. 
```

.. note::

    You can see a list of available orgs by running ``cci org list``.
..

    Example: The ``run_tests`` task executes Apex unit tests. Assuming there exists an org named ``dev``, you can run this task against it with the command ``cci task run run_tests --org dev``.

Troubleshoot Errors
-------------------

Errors happen! That's why ``cci`` provides tools to extract error details so that they can be reported and triaged.

Report Error Logs
*****************

The ``cci error gist`` command sends the most recent log file to a `GitHub gist <https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/creating-gists>`_ so you can quickly and easily share logs with others. For this feature to work you need to make sure that your `GitHub  service is set up with the proper scopes <https://cumu:lusci.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorial.html#github-service>`_.

> The gist includes the:

Reviewer 2: I would add the word "The" to the start of each bullet point rather than letting it hang up here.

Reviewer 4: You're right. We end the other lists with "includes:". Three cheers for uniformity!

* Current version of ``cci``
* Current Python version
* Path to the Python executable
* ``sysname`` of the host (such as Darwin)
* Machine name of the host (such as x86_64)
* Most recent log file (cci.log) that CumulusCI has created.

The URL for the gist is displayed in the terminal as output, and a web browser automatically opens a tab to the gist.

The ``--debug`` Flag
**********************

All CumulusCI commands can be passed the ``--debug`` flag, so that:

* Any calls to CumulusCI's logger at the debug level are shown.
* Outgoing HTTP requests are logged.
* If an error is present, the corresponding stack trace is shown, and the user is dropped into a `post-mortem debugging <https://docs.python.org/3/library/pdb.html#pdb.post_mortem>`_ session.

.. note:: To exit a debugging session, type the command ``quit`` or ``exit``.

Log Files
*********

> CumulusCI creates a log file every time a cci command runs. There are six rotating log files (``cci.log, cci.log1...5``) with ``cci.log`` being the most recent. Log files are stored under ``~/.cumulusci/logs`` for Mac and Linux users, and ``C:\Users\yourusername\.cumulusci\logs`` for Windows users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CumulusCI creates a log file every time a cci command runs. There are six rotating log files (``cci.log, cci.log1...5``) with ``cci.log`` being the most recent. Log files are stored under ``~/.cumulusci/logs`` for Mac and Linux users, and ``C:\Users\<Your User>\.cumulusci\logs`` for Windows users.
```

By default, log files document:

* The last command that was entered by the user.
* All output from the command (including debug information).
* If a Python-level exception occurs, the corresponding stack trace.

> If you want debug information regarding HTTP calls made during execution, you must explicitly run the command with the ``--debug`` flag set.

Reviewer 2: Is this clarification correct?

```suggestion
By default, logs do not include information about HTTP calls made during task and flow execution. If you want debug information about HTTP calls to be represented in the log, you must explicitly run the command with the ``--debug`` flag set.
```

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task run <name> --org <org> --debug
    $ cci flow run <name> --org <org> --debug

> View Stack Traces

Reviewer 2: I would suggest moving this command up underneath the `cci error gist` section, those two being the commands most likely to be run by an end user who wishes to report a problem, while sections on the log files, the `--debug` flag, and `show_stacktraces` are more for the superuser or CCI developer.

Reviewer 4: @davidmreed I'm a bit confused. Where precisely do you want to post the ``cci flow run<name> --org <org> --debug`` command?

Author: l made this change.
